    My team is aiming to create a website that would act as a Twitter alternative platform for people all over the world to use. However, while creating this platform it’s important to consider the ethical responsibilities that can come with making this kind of platform. We understand the issues of how what some people consider to be free speech can be problematic. There are people in this world who don’t mind pushing the boundaries by using free speech as an excuse to express themselves in ways that can be potentially harmful, so if we were to continue to make this a full-fledged website we would implement a TOS against hate speech such as racism, and also filter out explicitly known misinformation.
    We will also consider writing up an algorithm to avoid racist words and also flag posts that are potentially harmful as well. A user’s posts can have a largely positive, neutral, or negative impact in different areas/topics depending on what they write; therefore we understand and accept the responsibility of how our website would potentially impact society.
    All of our team members also understand the importance of addressing the professional responsibilities that comes with creating a platform that can potentially have a wide amount of users. We plan to create a privacy policy that indicates we respect our users by not collecting or selling their data to any companies or groups.Of course, this includes avoiding selling our password data since if we did not follow this we would be breaking the law and would have to face the consequences of that with the authorities. We also will store their passwords and account information securely by using a hash system. 
    Finally, we plan to support the various kinds of people that may potentially use our website. We know some people have limited bandwidth and slow internet, so we plan to implement low-quality images (using compression) and lazy load features to help those users out. Also, we pledge to host our website on green web servers that utilize the Google Cloud Platform, which can help reduce the energy impact that hosting a website would have on the environment. We plan to keep our website free to help support others who don’t have enough budget to pay for a monthly subscription plan. If we need to support ourselves in the future we may resort to making a Patreon page which would be optional for our user base to enroll in. We would also consider having some bonus, non-necessary features behind a premium paywall in order to keep the site funded and give perks to those who choose to support us.